Update gateway docs with Python Packages (#55)
scarf-sh/docs: docs/gateway.md

See [Figure 3](#figure_3) to see how these pieces fit together visually.

#### Python Packages

> Scarf Gateway configuration for a python package entry has three main considerations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scarf Gateway configuration for a Python package entry has three main considerations:
```

> - **pip Command**: This is the pip command used to install your package. This could be `pip install numpy` or an install command passing `--extra-index-url` if your package is not hosted on PyPI.org. This defines the location where the users will be redirected to when installing your package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **pip Command**: This is the current pip command used to install your package. For packages on PyPI.org, this will be of the form `pip install numpy` and will include the `--extra-index-url` if your package is hosted elsewhere. This defines the location where the users will be redirected to when installing your package.
```
